Products Privacy Policy

Last modified: April 3, 2023

Introduction

BringYour, Inc. (**\"Company\"** or **\"We\"**) respect your privacy and are
committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you
or that you may provide when you visit the URnetwork website or use the
URnetwork app (our \"Products\") and our practices for collecting,
using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.

This policy applies to information we collect:

-   On these Products.

-   In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our
    Products.

-   Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this
    Product, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction
    between you and this Product.

It does not apply to information collected by:

-   Us offline or through any other means, including on any other
    website or app operated by Company or any third party; or

-   Any third party, including through any application or content
    (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on
    the Products.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and
practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do
not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our
Products. By accessing or using this Product, you agree to this privacy
policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our
Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this
Product after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those
changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

Children Under the Age of 16

Our Products are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one
under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Products. We do
not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If
you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on ourProducts
or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or
received personal information from a child under 16 without verification
of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we
might have any information from or about a child under 16, please
contact us at: <notice@ur.io>.

California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights
regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please
see Your California Privacy Rights for more
information.

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It

We collect several types of information from and about users of our
Products, including information:

-   By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal
    address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier
    by which you may be contacted online or offline (\"**personal
    information**\");

-   That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or

-   About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our
    Products, and usage details.

We collect this information:

-   Directly from you when you provide it to us.

-   Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information
    collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and
    information collected through cookies.

**Information You Provide to Us**

The information we collect on or through our Products may include:

-   Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Products.
    This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our
    service. We may also ask you for information when you report a
    problem with our Products.

-   Records and copies of your correspondence (including email
    addresses), if you contact us.

You also may provide information to be published or displayed
(hereinafter, \"**posted**\") on public areas of the Product, or
transmitted to other users of the Products or third parties
(collectively, \"**User Contributions**\"). Your User Contributions are
posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit
access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are
perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of
other users of the Products with whom you may choose to share your User
Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User
Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

**Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection
Technologies**

As you navigate through and interact with our Products, we may use
automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information
about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

-   Details of your visits to our Product, including communication data
    and the resources that you access and use on the Products.

-   Information about your computer and internet connection, including
    your IP address, operating system, and browser type.

The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and
does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our
Products and to deliver a better and more personalized service,
including by enabling us to:

-   Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.

-   Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize
    our Products according to your individual interests.

-   Speed up your searches.

-   Recognize you when you return to our Products.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

-   **Cookies (or browser cookies).** A cookie is a small file placed on
    the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser
    cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
    However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access
    certain parts of our Products. Unless you have adjusted your browser
    setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue
    cookies when you direct your browser to our Product.

We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie
this information to personal information about you that we collect from
other sources or you provide to us.

How We Use Your Information

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us,
including any personal information:

-   To present our Products and its contents to you.

-   To provide you with information, products, or services that you
    request from us.

-   To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

-   To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration
    and renewal notices.

-   To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
    contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and
    collection.

-   To notify you about changes to our Products or any products or
    services we offer or provide though it.

-   In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

-   For any other purpose with your consent.

Disclosure of Your Information

We may disclose aggregated information about our users without
restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as
described in this privacy policy:

-   To our subsidiaries and affiliates.

-   To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to
    support our business.

-   To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture,
    restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
    transfer of some or all of BringYour\'s assets, whether as a going
    concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar
    proceeding, in which personal information held by BringYour about
    our Product users is among the assets transferred.

-   To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.

-   For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
    information.

-   With your consent.

We may also disclose your personal information:

-   To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to
    respond to any government or regulatory request.

-   and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.

-   If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
    rights, property, or safety of BringYour, our customers, or
    others.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on
this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the
Product home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our
users\' personal information, we will notify you. The date the privacy
policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are
responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable
email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and
this privacy policy to check for any changes.

Contact Information

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy
practices, contact us at <notice@ur.io>.
